c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.config
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.pdb
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Emotion.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.csproj.App.config
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.Pages.StartPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.Pages.EmotionsPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.pdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\obj\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
C:\Users\t-elrodr\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\bin\Debug\ComoTeSientes.dll.mdb
