c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ComoTeSientes.Android.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ComoTeSientes.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Emotion.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\Users\t-elrodr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes\ComoTeSientes.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
